Repository Setup
===

I am assuming you are on a Windows machine, and you have git-bash installed (instructions are similar for Linux and mac).

Open git-bash and execute the following steps:

# Go to documents folder
In Windows, we tend to store our files in the Documents folder; I will do the same here, so we need to go there firs. cd changes our folder.

```
cd ~/Documents
```

# create projects folder, and move to it

It's a good idea to create a folder for all your projects, even if they end up in different repos.
```
mkdir projects
cd projects
```

# clone your repo
We'll use the `git clone` command to clone our repository. I am assuming you want to use https to connect to your repository, and that you want to store the password in cleartext (if you're paranoid, you want to setup keys and use ssh, or not store the password in cleartext).

In the following command you need to replace USERNAME with your github username (notice it appears twice), PASSWORD with your github password and REPONAME with the name of your repo (cs5000 if you followed my setup advise :). Github doesn't care about capitalization, and bash on Windows doesn't either, but Mac and Linux do. I will type all my folder names in lowercase.

```
git clone https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@GitLab.org/USERNAME/REPONAME.git
```
This will create a folder with the same name as your repo. We then change to that folder (change the name if you have a different repo name):

```
cd cs5000
```

# download .gitignore

git is supposed to keep track of all your files; however, many times you do not want to save weird settings files, or files generated by the compiler. You can tell git to ignore cetain files or file patterns by listing the patterns in a file called .gitignore in the main folder of your repo. We will use curl to download the .gitignore file I use:

```
curl -o .gitignore "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/okaram/IntroJava/master/content/gitignore_for_projects.txt"
```

# Putting back on repo
## stage

You've modified one file (.gitignore), so git status should show it; type:
```
git status
```
You should see the gitignore file in red (it hasn't been stashed). Then type:

```
git add .
```
To add that file (and every other file) to the repo.

Typing:
```
git status
```

Will now show .gitignore in green, as it has been staged.

## commit
Type

```
git commit -m "gitignore file"
```

to commit the file (the -m is a comment for you to describe what the commit is about). At some point, git may ask you to set some global variables; either follow its instructions once, or ignore those messages every time :)

```
git status
```
should now show nothing to commit, but should say your branch is ahead of origin/master (origin is the repo on GitLab).

## push

type

```
git push origin master
```
to push your changes.

```
git status
```
should now look very similar to this:
```
On branch master
Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.
nothing to commit, working directory clean
```


