Assignment 2: Simple functions and a full program
===

This is another easy assignment, but now using Eclipse and gradle, and writing a full program.

You will need to create your bitbucket repo first, and upload this assignment inside the a2 folder. You need to make sure to upload to the right place.

The assignment is in [a2.zip](https://github.com/okaram/IntroJava/raw/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a2.zip). This is a zip file that you need to extract into your projects folder. 

Then you need to modify a2/src/main/java/okaram/a2/Assignment2.java, and make it comply with the specs written with comments. The program also includes a sample.

In particular, you need to do:
+ implement the readAndAdd method, which should read two numbers and then print their sum.
+ Implement the readAndMultiply method, whcih should read two numbers and then print their product.
+ Implement the printAllOperations method, which should take two numbers as arguments (not read them from input), and print their sum, difference, product, quotient and remainder.
+ Modify the main method to call readAndAdd, readAndMultiply, and then call printAllOperations with the numbers returned.

I am providing test cases for all but the main; you can use ./gradlew test to run all tests (or run in Eclipse). You can also run ./gradlew grade to get an idea of your grade (I still look at the code).

Submit by updating your bitbucket repository.

# downloading and submitting

I am assuming you've followed the instructions in [Repo setup](../RepoSetup.md)

## go to class folder
Type:
```
cd ~/Documents/projects/cs5000
```
to go your class folder

## download file (you need to do this only once per assignment)

Then type:
```
curl -o a2.zip "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/okaram/IntroJava/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a2.zip"
```
to download the assignment folder as a zip file

Then:
```
unzip a2.zip
```

To unzip the file

# build etc

Type:
```
cd a2
```
to go to the assignment folder 

## create eclipse project

If you will be using eclipse, type
```
./gradlew eclipse
```
to create the eclipse project.

Type:
```
./gradlew grade
```
for automatic grading (I'm not grading your main function with this, but I am grading the other ones somewhat automatically; I still read your code, of course :)

## modify in eclipse

Import project in eclipse (import existing project), modify src/main/java/okaram/a2/Assignment2.java until you're happy.

# upload to repo

When you're done (or done for the day; I tend to use bitbucket also as a backup :)

```
git add .
git commit -m "...."
git push origin master
```

