Assignment 3: Conditionals and Recursion
===

This assignment involves conditionals (if and switch) and recursion (recursive functions use if too :). This assignment is due *Sunday, ~~Feb 7~~ Feb 14 @ 11:59pm* (notice the changed date).

You will need to upload this assignment inside the a3 folder of your repo (chances are your repo is still in Documents/projects/cs5000 :). You need to make sure to upload to the right place.

The assignment is in [a3.zip](https://github.com/okaram/IntroJava/raw/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a3.zip). This is a zip file that you need to extract into your projects folder. 

Then you need to modify a3/src/main/java/a3/Assignment3.java, and make it comply with the specs written with comments. 

In particular, you need to:
+ Implement the monthName method, which gets an int and returns a String; the name for the given month (1=January, ... 12=December). You need to return "Invalid Month" if the number given is not between 1 and 12. You need to use a switch statement for this, and cannot use if statements.
+ Implement the monthName_if method, which gets an int and returns a String; the name for the given month (1=January, ... 12=December). You need to return "Invalid Month" if the number given is not between 1 and 12. You need to use if statement(s) for this, and cannot use switch.
+ Implement (recursively) the readWithinRange method, reads from input until it gets an int within the given range. It gets 3 parameters, 2  int (the lower and upper bound of the interval) and a Scanner to read from (notice you should read from this Scanner, do NOT create your own Scanner instance from System.in).
+ Implement (recursively) the StringTimes method, that replicates a String several times. It takes 2 parameters, the String to replicate and the number of times. Notice this function does NOT read anything from keyboard nor prints anything to the screen.
+ Implement the main method, that uses readWithinRange to obtain a number between 1 and 12 from the keyboard, uses monthName (or monthName_if if you prefer) for obtainint the corresponding month name, and then stringTimes to obtain a string that contains that month that number of times.

I am providing test cases for all but the main; you can use ./gradlew test to run all tests (or run in Eclipse). You can also run ./gradlew grade to get an idea of your grade (I still look at the code).

Submit by updating your bitbucket repository.

# downloading and submitting

I am assuming you've followed the instructions in [Repo setup](../RepoSetup.md) for last week's assignment, so you have your ~/Documents/projects/cs5000 folder

## go to class folder
Type:
```
cd ~/Documents/projects/cs5000
```
to go your class folder

## download file (you need to do this only once per assignment)

Then type:
```
curl -o a3.zip "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/okaram/IntroJava/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a3.zip"
```
to download the assignment folder as a zip file

Then:
```
unzip a3.zip
```

To unzip the file

# build etc

Type:
```
cd a3
```
to go to the assignment folder 

## create eclipse project

If you will be using eclipse, type
```
./gradlew eclipse
```
to create the eclipse project.

Type:
```
./gradlew grade
```
for automatic grading (I'm not grading your main function with this, but I am grading the other ones somewhat automatically; I still read your code, of course :)

## modify in eclipse

Import project in eclipse (import existing project), modify src/main/java/okaram/a2/Assignment2.java until you're happy.

# upload to repo

When you're done (or done for the day; I tend to use bitbucket also as a backup :)

```
git add .
git commit -m "...."
git push origin master
```

