Assignment 7: Arrays
===

This assignment involves creating your own classes. This assignment is due Sunday, March 26 @ 11:59pm.

You will need to upload this assignment inside the a7 folder of your repo (chances are your repo is still in Documents/projects/cs5000 :). You need to make sure to upload to the right place.

The assignment is in [a7.zip](https://github.com/okaram/IntroJava/raw/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a7.zip). This is a zip file that you need to extract into your projects folder. 

Then you need to modify a7/src/main/java/assignment/Assignment7.java, and make it comply with the specs written with comments. You only need to modify the functions that have the TODO comment in them (and the same functions are tested by the Grader.java file) -- although, for this assignment, you may want to modify the constructor of the given class and add variables for the class.

I am providing test cases for all functions; you can use ./gradlew test to run all tests (or run in Eclipse). You can also run ./gradlew grade to get an idea of your grade (I still look at the code). 

There's no requirement for main, just to implement the requaeted functions (but you can get bonus points in main; see the comments in the code).

Submit by updating your bitbucket repository.

# downloading and submitting

I am assuming you've followed the instructions in [Repo setup](../RepoSetup.md) for last week's assignment, so you have your ~/Documents/projects/cs5000 folder

## go to class folder
Type:
```
cd ~/Documents/projects/cs5000
```
to go your class folder

## download file (you need to do this only once per assignment)

Then type:
```
curl -o a7.zip "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/okaram/IntroJava/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a7.zip"
```
to download the assignment folder as a zip file

Then:
```
unzip a7.zip
```

To unzip the file

# build etc

Type:
```
cd a6
```
to go to the assignment folder 

## create eclipse project

If you will be using eclipse, type
```
./gradlew eclipse
```
to create the eclipse project.

Type:
```
./gradlew grade
```
for automatic grading (I'm not grading your main function with this, but I am grading the other ones somewhat automatically; I still read your code, of course :)

## modify in eclipse

Import project in eclipse (import existing project), modify src/main/java/okaram/assignment/Assignment6.java until you're happy.

# upload to repo

When you're done (or done for the day; I tend to use bitbucket also as a backup :)

```
git add .
git commit -m "...."
git push origin master
```

