Assignment 8: Interfaces and inheritance
===

This assignment involves creating your own classes. This assignment is due Sunday, Apr 3 @ 11:59pm.

The assignment implements a program to generate area and perimeter problems (for Elementary/middle school level). By implementing classes, you can extend the kinds of problems generated and asked (there are also a couple of extra functions, for practice :)

You will need to upload this assignment inside the a8 folder of your repo (chances are your repo is still in Documents/projects/cs5000 :). You need to make sure to upload to the right place.

The assignment is in [a8.zip](https://github.com/okaram/IntroJava/raw/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a8.zip). This is a zip file that you need to extract into your projects folder. 

Then you need to modify a8/src/main/java/assignment/Assignment8.java, and make it comply with the specs written with comments. This assignment is slightly different, in that you need to define two classes; since those classes don't yet exist, my unit tests won't even compile ! you can type `./gradlew run -x test` to run my program.

I am providing test cases for all functions and required classes; you can use ./gradlew test to run all tests (or run in Eclipse). You can also run ./gradlew grade to get an idea of your grade (I still look at the code). 

There's no requirement for main, but you may want to keep mine :)

Submit by updating your bitbucket repository.

# downloading and submitting

I am assuming you've followed the instructions in [Repo setup](../RepoSetup.md) for last week's assignment, so you have your ~/Documents/projects/cs5000 folder

## go to class folder
Type:
```
cd ~/Documents/projects/cs5000
```
to go your class folder

## download file (you need to do this only once per assignment)

Then type:
```
curl -o a8.zip "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/okaram/IntroJava/master/Spring2016/Assignments/a8.zip"
```
to download the assignment folder as a zip file

Then:
```
unzip a8.zip
```

To unzip the file

# build etc

Type:
```
cd a8
```
to go to the assignment folder 

## create eclipse project

If you will be using eclipse, type
```
./gradlew eclipse
```
to create the eclipse project.

For this assignment, stary by Typing:
```
./gradlew run -x test
```

Notice that initially, you cannot build with gradle, since the tests won't even compile (they use classes that are not defined, since you need to define those :)

After you've defined Square and RegularPolygon then you can do
```
./gradlew grade
```
for automatic grading (I'm not grading your main function with this, but I am grading the other ones somewhat automatically; I still read your code, of course :)

## modify in eclipse

Import project in eclipse (import existing project), modify src/main/java/okaram/assignment/Assignment6.java until you're happy.

# upload to repo

When you're done (or done for the day; I tend to use bitbucket also as a backup :)

```
git add .
git commit -m "...."
git push origin master
```

